c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\bin\Debug\Daryo.xr.xml
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\bin\Debug\Daryo.exe
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\bin\Debug\Daryo.pdb
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\bin\Debug\Daryo.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\Daryo.exe
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\Daryo.pdb
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\bin\Debug\ReadNews.xbf
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\ReadNews.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\ReadNews.g.cs
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\ReadNews.xaml
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\ReadNews.xbf
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\bin\Debug\Search.xbf
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\Search.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\Search.g.cs
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\Search.xaml
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\Search.xbf
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\bin\Debug\About.xbf
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\About.g.cs
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\About.xaml
C:\Users\Aziz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\About.xbf
C:\Users\Aziz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\bin\Debug\Link.xbf
C:\Users\Aziz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\Link.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aziz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\Link.g.cs
C:\Users\Aziz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\Link.xaml
C:\Users\Aziz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\Link.xbf
C:\Users\Aziz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Aziz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Aziz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\Daryo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Aziz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Daryo\Daryo\obj\Debug\Daryo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
